#summary Raw IRC log for 2010-12-15 telcon

JOINED: [MeetBot] [2010/12/15 21:54:27]

JOINED: [marisa_demeglio] [2010/12/15 21:55:19]

[mgylling] marisa_demeglio, ok to scribe today?

[marisa_demeglio] sure

[marisa_demeglio] shall I start MeetBot?

[mgylling] take note of the action syntax:

[mgylling] meetbot, help

[marisa_demeglio] ah, MeetBot is already with us :)

[mgylling] it needs to be that exact string

[marisa_demeglio] MeetBot, set scribe marisa_demeglio

Scribe is now marisa_demeglio

[mgylling] The coder of this tool is clearly an idiot

JOINED: [RogerWebster] [2010/12/15 21:58:07]

JOINED: [DaveGunn] [2010/12/15 21:58:57]

[mgylling] recording filename is 101215

[mgylling] (for the record, that was a self-insult)

JOINED: [kingwai] [2010/12/15 22:01:04]

JOINED: [EricFreese] [2010/12/15 22:01:25]

JOINED: [SteveKotrch] [2010/12/15 22:02:13]

JOINED: [danielweck] [2010/12/15 22:02:25]

JOINED: [wen-hsuan] [2010/12/15 22:02:31]

JOINED: [ShuTanabe] [2010/12/15 22:02:47]

JOINED: [BillKasdorf] [2010/12/15 22:02:53]

JOINED: [Vlad] [2010/12/15 22:02:57]

JOINED: [Murata] [2010/12/15 22:03:09]

JOINED: [Kyoji] [2010/12/15 22:03:15]

JOINED: [Takeshi] [2010/12/15 22:04:04]

JOINED: [Brady] [2010/12/15 22:04:10]





== Agenda ==

Fonts, Containers, January





== Previous action items ==

JOINED: [Ryoji_Akimoto] [2010/12/15 22:05:57]

JOINED: [BillMcCoy] [2010/12/15 22:06:07]





== Email good practices ==

Wiki page by danielweck has a lot of info

ACTION: danielweck to simplify wiki page about email good practices

[danielweck] http://code.google.com/p/epub-revision/wiki/Email_Good_Practices

JOINED: [ChoChin] [2010/12/15 22:07:35]



== January ==

Chairs to meet directly after this call





== Container ==

Issues 55, 56 -- Murata proposes to close these two issues in light of new information

ACTION: James Pritchett to assure that the OCF either disallows strong encryption or that it explicitly mentions zip64 level 1





== Font discussion ==

Last Friday, the group met to resolve issues.

JOINED: [danhughes] [2010/12/15 22:11:59]

JOINED: [Mei-Li] [2010/12/15 22:12:11]

Summary:

Solution Proposal 3 chosen (http://code.google.com/p/epub-revision/wiki/FontEmbedding#3)_Strengthen_RS_reqs_and_extend_to_support_WOFF,_inc_mangling)

Mangling/obfuscation support is now required by visual reading systems

If embedded fonts are used, one type must be open type or WOFF

Proposed rephrase: If a font is embedded that is neither open type nor WOFF, the publication must use a fallback (could be a default system font or an open type/WOFF)

QUIT: [Mei-Li] [2010/12/15 22:17:02]

JOINED: [Mei-Li] [2010/12/15 22:17:48]

some more discussion is required regarding what authoring tools must do

reading systems must support WOFF/open type in order for all this to work

question about what fonts are available on all systems - do we enumerate them?  serif, sans serif, etc

question about how often fallbacks will be used - likely authors will want their first choice, not the fallback, to be the most commonly supported option.

Summary: Any font format that is not open type or WOFF must use one of the fallback mechanisms available in epub, either using CSS or manifest fallbacks

fallback mechanisms ==> appropriate fallback mechanisms

CSS for system fonts, manifest for WOFF/opentype.  Or could use CSS for both and forbid manifest use for font fallbacks.  Advantage to using only one approach.

decision: in the case that a font fallback is required: use built-in CSS fallback mechanism for embedded fonts (default system, open type, or WOFF)

QUIT: [Mei-Li] [2010/12/15 22:32:12]

JOINED: [Mei-Li] [2010/12/15 22:32:23]

SVG fonts: we allow full SVG full minus interactivity.  So, that includes fonts.

There are good use cases for SVG fonts, bound to a sequence of unicode characters.

PART: [SteveKotrch] [2010/12/15 22:38:09]

E.g. smiley faces where colon-right paren becomes a yellow happy face

issue: how to accommodate both SVG and open type?

proposal: don't mandate svg font support

decision: an svg font can be referenced by CSS.  as reading systems are not required to support svg font, authors should use the css fallback mechanism.

question: must a fallback be provided for when svg fonts are used on html elements?

(as in, inline use, not css)

new information:  svg fonts use font family, so you always have the css cascade available, even when used inline





== editors report ==

Draft coming tomorrow, Dec. 16th

Looking for extra editing help (see Bill M's email)





== January ==

a january public draft seems reasonable

QUIT: [Mei-Li] [2010/12/15 22:52:02]

JOINED: [Mei-Li] [2010/12/15 22:52:13]

subgroup leads asked to bring up major items, perhaps break-out threads that may be ready for re-integration into EPUB.  Such as - linking, annotations, dictionaries

Linking is potential candidate for the end of january draft.  Some recent decisions have been made (see list) regarding linking schemes.

page templates proposal.  question about the availability of peter's javascript implementation, the code for which is being considered by adobe for release.

[Vlad] My apologies, I have another meeting at 5 pm and have to quit.

QUIT: [Vlad] [2010/12/15 22:58:33]

decision: more clarity + implementation would be required of the page templates proposal in order to include it in EPUB 3; hoping it will emerge later as an informational document

solutions for CSS modules - not a single solution for defining our relationship with each - Murata has been bringing up issues on the list

our ability to clearly reference properties depends on their maturity level

concern: while this is fine for informative language, how can we write normative text that references moving-target specs?

one answer: we could make our own copies of immature css properties

decision: CSS issues are highest priority for january

QUIT: [RogerWebster] [2010/12/15 23:10:12]

CSS3 speech CR expected in February, some pending issues are non-trivial, invite EPUB members to join the discussion on these issues

January priorities: spec consolidation, CSS relations, linking

Alternate style tags is another issue that needs our attention

Next call: Jan 5th

Happy holidays and new year to everyone

QUIT: [DaveGunn] [2010/12/15 23:14:20]

MeetBot, list attendees

wen-hsuan, Takeshi, DaveGunn, fantasai, danhughes, ChoChin, kingwai, Kyoji, Norm, matthaas, RogerWebster, marisa_demeglio, BillMcCoy, danielweck, Murata, Brady, ShuTanabe, Ryoji_Akimoto, Vlad, EricFreese, SteveKotrch, Mei-Li, mgylling, BillKasdorf

QUIT: [ChoChin] [2010/12/15 23:14:25]

QUIT: [kingwai] [2010/12/15 23:14:26]

MeetBot, list actions

ACTION: danielweck to simplify wiki page about email good practices

ACTION: James Pritchett to assure that the OCF either disallows strong encryption or that it explicitly mentions zip64 level 1

QUIT: [Mei-Li] [2010/12/15 23:14:33]

QUIT: [BillKasdorf] [2010/12/15 23:14:34]

MeetBot, send log

PART: [Kyoji] [2010/12/15 23:14:46]

PART: [ShuTanabe] [2010/12/15 23:14:53]
