#summary Raw IRC log 2010-09-29 WG weekly telcon


JOINED: [MeetBot] [2010/09/29 23:01:54]

[mgylling] filename for recording: 100929

JOINED: [James_Pritchett] [2010/09/29 23:02:27]

JOINED: [wen-hsuan] [2010/09/29 23:03:09]

JOINED: [BillKasdorf] [2010/09/29 23:03:28]

JOINED: [mikeidpf] [2010/09/29 23:03:34]

JOINED: [DanHughes] [2010/09/29 23:03:49]

[mgylling] meetbot, set scribe DanHughes

Scribe is now DanHughes

JOINED: [ChoChin] [2010/09/29 23:04:38]

JOINED: [AdamWitwer] [2010/09/29 23:05:23]

JOINED: [kenny_j] [2010/09/29 23:05:44]

[George] 20 people on the line

action items: CSS task force - no updates

JOINED: [gc] [2010/09/29 23:07:29]

JOINED: [Mei-Li] [2010/09/29 23:08:20]

Markus/George: CSS task force goal is to maximize use of CSS3. Is it also to provide feedback to W3C?

George: CSS3 task force: Re-use where what is there now, inform on what we need...

Action Item: George to review W3C CSS3 attendees to F2F

Action Item: RSVP for F2F dinner if attending

[James_Pritchett] DAISY people staying at Serrano San Francisco -- www.serranohotel.com

F2F sub-group planning discussion - Adobe location; 2 rooms - possible Sony location TBD

QUIT: [wen-hsuan] [2010/09/29 23:15:52]

Cross-over between groups and\or people

Styling-layout/EGLS/Interactivity merge for F2F

Metadata/NAv/Annotations merge fo F2F

breakout groups in F2F are larger than subgroups

Action Item: Markus to detail F2F agenda

JOINED: [wen-hsuan] [2010/09/29 23:18:55]

QUIT: [kenny_j] [2010/09/29 23:19:18]

For F2F: As much implementation proposals as possible

[mikeidpf] EPUB 2.1 WG e-mail archives http://groups.google.com/group/epub-21-working-group

Chairs: push for proposals

known risk: no implementation proposal = not in spec

Sub group reports

Annotations: Daniel Weck. Few contribs, Will and Daniel. Some proposals, no proofs-of concept. doing good.

Daniel Weck: Some overlap with metadata

EGLS: no update

Metadata: Bill: moving forward, proposals being developed. Prep for F2F looking good

JOINED: [kenny_j] [2010/09/29 23:24:39]

Navigation: George: not a lot of progress. Issue re: alt nav/paging

Peter: if content creators not publishing it (paged  breaks) not a huge issue to concern us

George: concern: referencing P vs. E. Two sets of page #'s.

George: NCX restricts to one set of page refs

JOINED: [Si-Wei] [2010/09/29 23:29:17]

George: what is need for page lists?

QUIT: [George] [2010/09/29 23:31:37]

[keith_fahlgren] Exactly

Text Content: Examples of dictionary/glossary vocabs

OLIF TEI, others

Hope to demo grammar for dict. glossary format at F2F

Neil working on MathML (mem MathML WG)

Subsetting

Prev version expressed subset, where are we going next

Styling/Layout: Brady: some items posted to wiki

Rich Media: Peter: Sent email for implementation proposals

Many requirements

If no proposals will have to wait for next rev

Scripting issues: postponed 1 week

OCF: Superceded/deprecated specs referenced from OCF

upgradng or new/and or sibling specs for OCF 3

James Pritchett: reviewing OCF spec refs, not adding new functions so bringing OCF 3 "up-to-code" not overly problematic

Encryption XML: Used by reading systems

Metadata or Signatures.xml?

(encryption.xml)

Apple using signatures.xml

JOINED: [liza] [2010/09/29 23:45:20]

[keith_fahlgren] perhaps http://code.google.com/p/epubcheck/source/detail?r=121 ?

<- lost phone

Dave Makower: Apple using signatures.xml

Action Items: Dave & Peter: signature.xml

Brady: email to list Req 1.5 use cases

re: use cases - font size changes & 'night mode'

Brady & Peter: discussion re: relative fonts sizes

QUIT: [keith_fahlgren] [2010/09/29 23:56:54]

Peter: relation between font size (em) and viewport

Brady: pixels vs em's (cites browser implementations)

Night Mode: What level of control does author have?

Reading systems implement night mode, not documents.

How would night mode styling be declared by author?

QUIT: [kenny_j] [2010/09/30 00:03:13]

QUIT: [James_Pritchett] [2010/09/30 00:04:19]

Some reliance on stylesheets, some styling countermands night mode styling (light-on-dark)

Peter: doesn't matter how 'night mode' implemented' only that it is.

Peter: 'negotiation' needed between content and rendering engine. How can video be in night mode?

Action Item: Brady to concoct more use cases

QUIT: [BradyDuga] [2010/09/30 00:08:26]

QUIT: [karenbroome] [2010/09/30 00:08:27]

QUIT: [DaveGunn] [2010/09/30 00:08:33]

QUIT: [ChoChin] [2010/09/30 00:08:34]

PART: [mikeidpf] [2010/09/30 00:08:39]

QUIT: [BillKasdorf] [2010/09/30 00:08:39]

QUIT: [KingWai] [2010/09/30 00:08:42]

QUIT: [wen-hsuan] [2010/09/30 00:08:42]

QUIT: [Mei-Li] [2010/09/30 00:08:54]

QUIT: [AdamWitwer] [2010/09/30 00:09:06]

QUIT: [danielweck] [2010/09/30 00:09:12]

PART: [ShuTanabe] [2010/09/30 00:09:14]

PART: [Ryoji_Akimoto] [2010/09/30 00:09:20]

PART: [Kyoji] [2010/09/30 00:09:37]

QUIT: [marisa_demeglio] [2010/09/30 00:09:38]

meetbot quit

meetbot exit

hmm

meetbot leave

QUIT: [DanHughes] [2010/09/30 00:11:43]

QUIT: [gc] [2010/09/30 00:12:03]

JOINED: [gc] [2010/09/30 00:14:12]

[mgylling] meetbot, leave

 