#summary Metadata sub-group page

<wiki:toc max_depth="5" />

== Participants ==

|| *Name* ||  *Organization* || *Role* ||
|| Bill Kasdorf ||  Apex || (coordinator) ||
|| Markus Gylling || DAISY || (chairs rep) ||
|| Andrew Gilbert || Dartmouth Journal Services (DJS) ||
|| Cristina Mussinelli || 360 Publishing ||
|| Alexis Wiles || OverDrive Inc.||
|| Tracey Menzies || HarperCollins ||
|| Michael Olenick || R.R. Bowker ||
|| George Kerscher || DAISY ||
|| Karen Broome || Sony ||
|| Chelsea Valentine || LibreDigital ||
|| Tyler Ruse || LibreDigital ||
|| Bob Kasher || BookMasters ||
|| Todd Carpenter || NISO || Invited Expert ||
|| Mark Bide || Rightscom || Invited Expert ||
|| Graham Bell || EDItEUR || Invited Expert ||
|| Scott Lubeck || BISG || Intived Expert ||

== Mission ==
This sub-group is tasked with determining the metadata features to incorporate in ePUB 2.1 and recommending best practices for their use. This should be done in collaboration with other related industry groups, such as BISG (BISAC), BIC, Editeur (ONIX), W3C (RDFa), NISO (NLM), IDEAlliance (PRISM), TEI Consortium (TEI), OASIS (!DocBook), DAISY (DTBook/NIMAS) and others.

The subgroup is addressing problem 4 in "Current Industry Problems" in the charter: [http://www.idpf.org/idpf_groups/IDPF-EPUB-WG-Charter-4-27-2010.html]

Relevant lightning talks from the f2f:  [F2F201006Agenda#Metadata]

== Process ==

  * *Requirements due end of July 2010*
  * Please communicate with the subgroup using the full WG list and always begin the subject line with [meta]
  * Scheduled Skype call:<br>
    * Proposed weekly call Tuesdays at 16:00 UTC / 12:00 noon EDT / 9:00 am PDT / 17:00 (5:00 pm) BST

== Requirements ==
=== TBD by Metadata Subgroup ===

== Change Proposals ==
=== To be proposed by Metadata Subgroup and approved by entire WG ===