#summary Telcon Agenda, 11th of November 2010

*Note* - this telcon is held at 21:00 UTC - [http://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?month=11&day=10&year=2010&hour=21&min=0&sec=0&p1=0 find the meeting time in your geographical location].

*Note* - Catherine Zekri is recording the Epub Revision conference calls and face to face meetings for her research. She writes: "This discussion will be recorded for the purpose of a doctoral research on the standardizing of .epub and eBooks. For confidentiality purposes no names will be disclosed in any publication resulting from this research." To learn more, please visit: http://sites.google.com/site/ebooksandsociety.

<wiki:toc max_depth="3" />


== Scribe ==
First available in order: _Dan, Garth, Bill, Marisa _ 

== Regrets ==

== Previous minutes ==
[Telcon20101103]

== Previous action item review ==

== TPAC Report ==
 * W3C CSS Liaison 
 * (Full report on CSS Writing Modes status next week when Fantasai is back)
 * HTML5 WG and the Role attribute

== page-progression-direction ==
Where are we with this? _On: Murata and Takeshi_

Thread: [http://groups.google.com/group/epub-21-working-group/browse_thread/thread/b4f7650d2deeda1c# Page progression and two-page spread]

== package identifiers ==
Status upate.  _On: Dan and, well, everybody_

Thread: [http://groups.google.com/group/epub-21-working-group/browse_thread/thread/92b1195e07a6316b# package identifier uniqueness]

== Rich Media Video Formats ==

Carried over from previous con per King Wai's request.

[ImplementationProposalRichMediaFormat Video formats proposal]


== Editors Report ==
 * Bill: Status & Issues
  * Issue 28: xml-stylesheet processing instruction - do we need to say anything about RS support for this? (only XHTML issue now that we no longer have out-of-line islands
  * Issue 46: "display: oeb-page-foot" - are we good with new HTML header/footer functionality and what's in standard CSS?
  * Issue 5: svg 1.1 full vs. tiny - do we track HTML5's normative reference?
  * Issue 2: relax "mimetype" requirements - proposal last in tracker is to only relax trailing whitespace requirement. Shall we say OK and close the issue?
  * Issue 50: UTF16: needed?
  * Issue 51: OPF file fragment inclusion: clarification requested
 * Steps for Friday's internal draft release

== Any Other Business? ==