#summary Telcon Agenda, 4th of August 2010

*Note* - this telcon is held at 21:00 UTC - [http://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?month=08&day=11&year=2010&hour=21&min=0&sec=0&p1=0 find the meeting time in your geographical location].

*Note* - Catherine Zekri is recording the Epub Revision conference calls and face to face meetings for her research. She writes: "This discussion will be recorded for the purpose of a doctoral research on the standardizing of .epub and eBooks. For confidentiality purposes no names will be disclosed in any publication resulting from this research." To learn more, please visit: http://sites.google.com/site/ebooksandsociety.

<wiki:toc max_depth="3" />

== Regrets ==

== Previous minutes ==
Accept [MeetingMinutes100804 previous minutes]?

== Previous action item review ==

 * Keith: Can ARIA help provide a model for UAs that cannot support chapter-scripted content (perhaps fallbacks, etc).

== Solution Proposals  - process outline ==

_With the caveat that requirements are yet not finalized; until [Timeline#August_27:_Subgroup_requirements:_finalization August 27] subgroup work on solutions are provisional_

 * based on prioritization, subgroup coordinator sets up the working order and allots tasks to group members
 * use wiki to add the proposals, linking to the requirement(s) the proposal addresses, also link to the proposal from the relevant reqs (= bidirectional).
 * for now, keep proposal texts short and to the point, eventually however, more extensive text and details is likely to be requested
 * add your name to the proposal (see "request more extensive text" above). 
 * note: competing proposals that address the same requirement may occur; coordinator should elevate decision to whole WG
 * note: first draft deadline for feature inclusion is [Timeline#October_8:_Subgroup_implementation_proposals_for_first_draft:_fi October 8]

== Subgroup status report ==
Sub-group coordinators should:
 * Assure that all requirements are prioritized according to the [Process#Prioritization_scheme Conboy scheme], then notify WG
 * Link in subgroup wiki to any requirements from other subgroups that are co-dependent on a solution of this subgroup
 * Enumerate any requirements that should be given special review attention
 * Enumerate any groups/pairs of requirements that may be in conflict or need to be balanced
 * Raise any issues
 * Present any area for which current requirements seem to be lacking

=== Annotations  ===
Coordinator: Will Manis

Wiki: [Annotations]

=== EGLS  ===
Coordinator: Murata Makoto

Wiki: [EGLS]

=== Metadata ===
Coordinator: Bill Kasdorf

Wiki: [Metadata]

=== Navigation  ===
Coordinator: George Kerscher

Wiki: [Navigation]

=== Text Content  ===
Coordinator: Markus Gylling

Wiki: [TextContent]

=== Styling and Layout ===
Coordinator: Brady Duga

Wiki: [StylingAndLayout]

=== Rich Media/Interactivity/Advertisements ===
Coordinator: Peter Sorotokin

Wiki: [RichMediaAndInteractivity]

== ARIA and scripting ==
_If time allows, continuation discussion of Keiths' introductory email to list_

== AOB (Any Other Business) ==