#Raw IRC Log of 10/13/10 EPUB WG Call

= Introduction =

JOINED: [MeetBot] [2010/10/13 22:56:46]

JOINED: [ShuTanabe] [2010/10/13 22:56:58]

JOINED: [jiang-chun] [2010/10/13 22:58:22]

JOINED: [MURATA] [2010/10/13 22:58:29]

JOINED: [BillMcCoy] [2010/10/13 22:59:21]

JOINED: [DaveGunn] [2010/10/13 23:00:19]

JOINED: [Ryoji_Akimoto] [2010/10/13 23:00:31]

[MURATA] I hear a lot of noise.

[BillMcCoy] can everyone mute?

[MURATA] only me??

[BillMcCoy] I am hearing it too, horrible

[BillMcCoy] I believe there is feedback from somewhere

JOINED: [wen-hsuan] [2010/10/13 23:01:43]

[wmanis] me too

JOINED: [James_Pritchett] [2010/10/13 23:02:00]

[DaveGunn] sounds too loud to be an open mic

JOINED: [DanHughes] [2010/10/13 23:02:06]

[mgylling] everybody please mute

JOINED: [George] [2010/10/13 23:02:34]

JOINED: [marisa_demeglio] [2010/10/13 23:02:42]

JOINED: [Si-Wei] [2010/10/13 23:02:48]

PART: [George] [2010/10/13 23:02:49]

JOINED: [George] [2010/10/13 23:02:49]

JOINED: [Takeshi] [2010/10/13 23:03:03]

JOINED: [BillKasdorf] [2010/10/13 23:03:04]

[George] When I dial in I get noise do others?

[mgylling] can anyone hear me?

[marisa_demeglio] yes

[DanHughes] yes

[DaveGunn] yep

[Takeshi] yes

[BillKasdorf] Yes

[KingWai] yes

[BillKasdorf] I got the noise but called back in and it worked fine on the second try

JOINED: [liza] [2010/10/13 23:04:15]

JOINED: [BradyDuga] [2010/10/13 23:04:28]

JOINED: [ChoChin] [2010/10/13 23:04:37]

[marisa_demeglio] when i press *6, it says "i'm sorry, this feature is not enabled"

[liza] Me yoo

[liza] Me too

[DanHughes] same

[James_Pritchett] Me three

[BillKasdorf] I'm getting "this feature is not enabled" when I do *6

[BradyDuga] I get "you are now muted"

JOINED: [mikeidpf] [2010/10/13 23:05:48]

[BillKasdorf] I can mute my own Blackberry without doing *6

JOINED: [Mei-Li] [2010/10/13 23:06:38]

[BradyDuga] We could have an irc conference

[BradyDuga] Garth really wants to

JOINED: [gc] [2010/10/13 23:07:24]

[George] Mike: let the operator know that we have all but admins muted

[gc] I guess I can scribe -- in the now style -- only decisions.

[mgylling] thanks

[gc] Note that Dave @ Apple can't IRC>

[mikeidpf] 1Price Conference going to find and drop offending line in next minute or two

[gc] What about being at the meeting in France?

[gc] Topic -- OCF changes related to updating to newer versions of XML Encryption & XML Signatures.

[James_Pritchett] The main issue is whether we reference 1.1

[James_Pritchett] 1.1 is due "real soon now"

[MURATA] That's my understanding too

JOINED: [NeilS] [2010/10/13 23:10:49]

[James_Pritchett] So the open question for the group is:  do we urgently need the functionality of 1.1?

[James_Pritchett] COmpatibility is no problem

[James_Pritchett] (as far as I understand)

[James_Pritchett] Added functionality is detailed on wiki page

[James_Pritchett] Mostly new-and-improved algorithms, etc.

[gc] Changes @ 1.1 are on Wiki -- groups should review.

[James_Pritchett] Use cases would be helpful

QUIT: [ChoChin] [2010/10/13 23:14:08]

[gc] Topic -- F-to-F -- update on the Wiki.

QUIT: [Mei-Li] [2010/10/13 23:17:03]

JOINED: [Mei-Li] [2010/10/13 23:19:16]

[gc] "Birds of a feather" tables at dinner on Monday -- though, hopefully there will be a drinking table.

[gc] New Wiki Page -- "implementation pipeline page"

JOINED: [ChoChin] [2010/10/13 23:22:37]

[gc] Virtual attendance @ F-to-F.  Audio?

QUIT: [Mei-Li] [2010/10/13 23:24:03]

JOINED: [Mei-Li] [2010/10/13 23:24:27]

[gc] Proposal: IRC only, no voice/Skype.  No voiced problems with that suggestion.

[gc] Topic -- attendance @ TPAC in France in November?

[gc] Brady: somebody with familiarity with OCF/HTML/CSS using in EPUB should be there.

[gc] Volunteer remains unresolved -- action item for Markus & George.

[gc] Topic -- sub-group updates.

QUIT: [Mei-Li] [2010/10/13 23:30:28]

JOINED: [Mei-Li] [2010/10/13 23:30:39]

[gc] openbookmarks.org -- just getting started -- no meat there yet.

[kennyw3c]thank you for mentioning TPAC :) (action)

[gc] Will Manis to contact openbookmarks.org folks.

[gc] EGLS draft recommendations being developed for WG review.

[gc] Topic -- Discussion of state of W3C standards (that we may want to reference) -- candidate recommendation, in particular.

[gc] [Bill you're breaking up]

[gc] Apple re XML Signatures 1.1: on an issue raised earlier (XML Security 1.1) I can chime in from Apple's perspective that we don't have a problem with XML Security 1.1, but neither do we feel it offers anything we urgently need.

[gc] Emerging consensus that RDFa be used to express metadata.

QUIT: [mikew3c] [2010/10/13 23:43:18]

PART: [Kyoji] [2010/10/13 23:43:47]

QUIT: [Mei-Li] [2010/10/13 23:46:13]

[gc] Apple dictionary schema/directions to (hopefully) be showed during F-to-F.

JOINED: [Mei-Li] [2010/10/13 23:46:59]

JOINED: [Dana] [2010/10/13 23:47:10]

[gc] Styling and Layout -- group should propose solutions that remain on the "at risk requirements" on the Wiki.

[gc] Topic -- Scripting.

[gc] Defer until F-to-F?

[gc] Peter S -- describes current proposed solution.

QUIT: [Mei-Li] [2010/10/13 23:53:13]

[George] George had to drop off. See you in sfo

QUIT: [George] [2010/10/13 23:53:44]

QUIT: [James_Pritchett] [2010/10/13 23:57:00]

QUIT: [BillMcCoy] [2010/10/13 23:57:18]

[gc] Scribe needs to drop off shortly -- probably no need to capture recorded discussion.

QUIT: [Dana] [2010/10/14 00:01:28]

[liza] I've been through those discussions as they were being proposed and I'm fine with the current proposal

[gc] Lisa's above comment is relevant to determining OPS 2.0.1 (classic), versus HMLT5, versus scripted HTML5 in manifest.

[gc] Perhaps a "final" decision @ F-to-F?

[liza] LiZa, please :)

[gc] Markus, can you send me log of this IRC for Wiki posting (as text)?

QUIT: [DanHughes] [2010/10/14 00:05:41]

QUIT: [gc] [2010/10/14 00:05:43]

QUIT: [KingWai] [2010/10/14 00:05:44]

QUIT: [DaveGunn] [2010/10/14 00:05:46]

QUIT: [BradyDuga] [2010/10/14 00:05:52]

QUIT: [BillKasdorf] [2010/10/14 00:05:53]

QUIT: [ChoChin] [2010/10/14 00:05:55]

QUIT: [liza] [2010/10/14 00:05:57]

QUIT: [Takeshi] [2010/10/14 00:06:12]

QUIT: [wmanis] [2010/10/14 00:06:16]

QUIT: [jiang-chun] [2010/10/14 00:06:24]

PART: [mikeidpf] [2010/10/14 00:06:40]

PART: [ShuTanabe] [2010/10/14 00:07:01]

PART: [Ryoji_Akimoto] [2010/10/14 00:07:05]

QUIT: [wen-hsuan] [2010/10/14 00:08:07]

JOINED: [BradyDuga] [2010/10/14 00:13:51]

JOINED: [gc] [2010/10/14 00:14:07]

JOINED: [BillMcCoy] [2010/10/14 00:20:33]

QUIT: [BradyDuga] [2010/10/14 00:24:26]

QUIT: [NeilS] [2010/10/14 00:29:56]

JOINED: [mikew3c] [2010/10/14 00:44:23]

QUIT: [kennyw3c] [2010/10/14 00:47:05]

QUIT: [mgylling] [2010/10/14 00:50:41]

JOINED: [mgylling] [2010/10/14 00:54:27]

[mgylling] gc, will do

[mgylling] meetbot, leave